cdc: update description about partition dispatcher and add column sel… (#15278)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-kafka.md

> ]
> ```
>
> However, `dispatcher` and `partition` cannot appear in the same rule. For example, the following rule is invalid.
>
> ```
> {matcher = ['*.*'], dispatcher = "index-value", partition = "table"},
> ```

## Column selectors

The column selector feature supports selecting columns from events and sending only the data changes related to those columns to the downstream.

Take the following configuration of `column-selectors` as an example:

```toml
[sink]
column-selectors = [
    {matcher = ['test.t1'], columns = ['a', 'b']},
    {matcher = ['test.*'], columns = ["*", "!b"]},
    {matcher = ['test1.t1'], columns = ['column*', '!column1']},
    {matcher = ['test3.t'], columns = ["column?", "!column1"]},
]
```

- For table `test.t1`, only columns `a` and `b` are sent.
- For tables in the `test` database (excluding the `t1` table), all columns except `b` are sent.
- For table `test1.t1`, any column starting with `column` is sent, except for `column1`.
- For table `test3.t`, any 7-character column starting with `column` is sent, except for `column1`.
- For tables that do not match any rule, all columns are sent.

> **Note:**
>

> > After filtering by the `column-selectors` rules, the data in the table must have a primary key or unique key to be replicated. Otherwise, the changefeed reports an error when it is created or running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> After being filtered by the `column-selectors` rules, the data in the table must have a primary key or unique key to be replicated. Otherwise, the changefeed reports an error when it is created or running.
```
